[Autogenerated] What would A getting started?
Class B without getting your hands dirty in some code.
Right, well for this course,
you'll be getting your hands dirty with code and pizza sauce metaphorically,
of course,
I've created a demo application that runs completely local in the process
of going through this course and learning AWS services.
We will be deploying and extending this demo application into the cloud.
So let's get familiar with what will be working on this is Pizza Lovers,
the best social network for people who love pizza.
Users can create and share their pizza creations with
each other using this web application,
let's walk through some of the functionality to better
understand what services we want to use.
First we've got the basic serving of the application.
We will get this set up with Ec two initially.
Next you can see that there are plenty of images in
static assets being served as well.
We will store and serve these from S3 amazon's object storage service.
Users can create new accounts as well as login.
The users will need to be stored in a database of some kind for that
purpose will use Dynamo DB once the user has logged in,
will want to store that session in a cash such as Alaska cash.
To avoid wasting application memory.
A user can create a new pizza and their browser by selecting toppings.
These toppings will also be stored in dynamo DB for
flexibility when the user saves a pizza,
the new.
Pizza data will be stored in a database using the relational database
service RDS and the image will be created and stored in S three and that is
all of the major interactions in our application.
Here's a diagram to recap the services will be using in
conjunction with our main application,
this isn't all of the services will be using but this should hopefully give
you a good idea of what our application will look like.
Once we're done developing it by utilizing this application
which is currently fully functioning locally,
you'll be able to learn the ins and outs of the major services in AWS.
There may be a bit of a learning curve if you've never worked in javascript
before but there will be plenty of pure AWS configuration so don't be afraid
to dive right in if you want to find out more information about the
technology is being used in this demo project.
I've created a couple of other Pluralsight courses that cover these.
Happy is the no Js framework that Pizza Lovers is built with in my course,
building web applications with Happy,
you can learn how Happy works by building an
application from scratch on the UI side.
I've built the front end for Pizza Lovers with handlebars and in my
course JavaScript template ng with handlebars,
you'll learn the ins and outs of this powerful template in language. Both of these courses are available with your subscription to Pluralsight